RC: Version managment phase B (#1374)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-pro-database-new.md

This guide is for single region database deployment. If you want to create a multi-region Active-Active database, see [Create an Active-Active database]({{< relref "/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-active-active-database" >}}) for specific steps and configuration options exclusive to Active-Active.
    {{< /note >}}

#### Version {#version}

{{<image filename="images/rc/subscription-new-flexible-version-section.png" width="75%" alt="Version selection between Redis 6.2, 7.2, and 7.4." >}}

> The **Version** section lets you choose the Redis version of your databases. Choose **Redis 7.4** if you want to use the latest stable version of Redis. 

Reviewer: to prevent doc update on evry new version, let's just write that we recommand to use the latest

Author: I already removed this.

| Database&nbsp;setting | Description |
|:---------|:-----------|
| **Name** | A custom name for your database (_required_) |

> | **Version** | The Redis version for your database. Choose **Redis 7.4** if you want to use the latest stable version of Redis. |

Reviewer: same comment - No need to mention the latest DB version. It will just make us maintain it. Let's just write something about that it's always recommended to use the latest version.

Author: ```suggestion
| **Version** | The Redis version for your database. We recommend you choose the latest available version. |
```
